&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result of this project, I was able to create a proof-of-concept prototype of the idea brought forth in the abstract goal: A rough attachable powered wheel device that can be attached to any board. I learned a lot about how time intensive product prototyping is. The eeZPower project final result is a stand alone device complete with radio remote, a capable battery, motor, motor controller, and microcontroller that facilitates Bluetooth connectivity all inside a clear case. Some aspects of the physical design proved difficult such as the force created by the motor as well as the small clearance underneath the board. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The final product has the ESP32 microcontroller read the information from the motor controller using UART and sends it over Bluetooth to the tablet using a simple string that has the Battery Voltage, RPM, and Tachometer information. The motor controller (flipsky) uses VESC open source software which was used to set it’s parameters and connect it to the remote. I learned a lot about motor controllers and VESC, as well as some supporting libraries for C (ESP32 code).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I was able to build competencies in Java coding and Android development as I have not had experience in those fields prior to this project. Unfortunately, the app development was the last item to be developed and was not fully to completed. Bluetooth connections and related code proved to be much more complicated in the Android app environment as opposed to Bluetooth code for the ESP32 (where it is very simple and straightforward as can be seen in the src files for the ESP32 code). Some aspects of the app work and it has it’s UI hashed out but is not fully functional.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The biggest obstacle faced was the time crunch. Since this was a one team member team, I learned a lot about how much work orchestrating a whole project really takes. Having more people on board would have eased the load and would have allowed for the different aspects of the project to be more refined. 
